Hello and welcome back to the course on deep learning to do it just quickly cover off the variations
of long short term memory architectures.
I think it's important so that you are at least aware that there are other alternatives to the elist
him version that we looked at and that you might encounter them sometime in your work.
So here is the standard LACMA which we discussed it should be it should be a pretty comfortable fit
by now.
And now let's have a look at a couple of variations some variations.
One is when you add peepholes.
So I'm going to go back again so you see these lines are added connecting these sigmoid activation functions
or these layer neural network layer operations additional input is being provided it's information about
the current state of the memory cell and that basically allows kind of like a is that's what it's called
peephole allowance allows these decisions about the valves to be made with taking into account what
is actually sitting there in the memory modification Number two is when you take these two valves.
Forget valve and the memory valve and you connect them.
So let's go back instead of having a separate decision for the memory valve.
Now you have a combined decision for the forgetful and the memory valve and basically when whenever
you add something into memory.
So whenever you close the memory off whenever this is zero this becomes the opposite one month zero
becomes a one so you have to put something in.
If you put this if you make this a one way close to one it becomes a zero and therefore you don't put
anything in here.
You just keep the old memory.
So it just makes sense to combine them sometimes.
And then another modification a very popular modification called the good recurring units G.R. use for
short.
They what they do is they completely get rid of the C pipeline as you can see the memory problem and
they replace it with the H which is the hidden pipeline which we had before at the bottom.
They just combined basically the two.
So now instead of having two separate values one for the memory and one for the hidden state.
Now you have one and it make it simplifies things so it's probably a bit less flexible but in terms
of how many things are being controlled and monitored there there's actually less.
And and that's it.
And that's this is harder.
Get a recurring unit works as you can see it might look a bit more quickly but in reality it's a bit
simpler you only have you know this this valve.
Then you have another valve here another valve here and these two are currently connected as well.
So this is in essence to get current unit costs behind it is to get rid of the memory cell and just
have this one pipeline going through there that takes care of everything.
So there we go.
That's the three Alycia variations.
There's there's lots more other ones.
A good paper to check out is called episteme a search space odyssey by Klaus Graf and others 2015.
So there they compared quite a few different LACMA you might like this research that they did.
So there you go.
That's a short intro into the alternative architectures of the LS team and I look forward to seeing
you next time.
Until then enjoy deep learning.